  The topic of grades creates conflciting throughts in my brain. My parents were always strict with them. One of my earlier memories is not being able to play video games with my younger brother when he was in third grade because he got a B on his report card. When I brought an A- home I had to endure "Could you have tried a little harder?". Straight A's were just a way of life in my family. It didn't matter how important the topic was or how you memorized the information as long as you got an A on the test. I knew even as a young teenager that much of what I was learning was trivial or I would quickly forget it- but surely the time and effort I put into school and getting good grades was going to get me somewhere? At least, that's what basically every adult figure in my life had constantly told me.\
  Reflecting on this topic upsets me and forces me to relive the stress I constantly felt every night before a test. In fact, my most common nightmares include forgetting to do my homework or being late for a test. I'm also disturbed by my initial reaction to the suggestion of removing grades from courses. How would I be judged? How can I make sure I'm doing better than others? If grades were removed from courses, I feel that I would need some reward for my brain to latch onto after learning something. This likely isn't a *good* thought, but I feel I would need to be conditioned to view learning in a new way. \
  When reading this past summer, I ran past a quote that went something along the lines of "Give this man a coin, for he seeks to gain from his knowledge" said by a teacher to his student. I feel like there needs to be a "reason" when I learn something. Even now, the primary reason I am chasing this degree is to make a decent living in the future. I am not in love with statistics, but I find it bearable enough to do for the rest of my life. Kohn said that our thinking is severely compromised when we don't have two eyes on our objective, and I do feel constantly distracted or longing for an end when doing most academic things. I wish I could have gone through school without worrying about grades, and with the idea of competing with other students not in my brain.\
  While I am all for the idea of eradicating grades, I am curious on how learning will be evaluated, if it all. For example, Dr. Bradford does not plan on giving a grade except at the end of the course because they are required to by the university. In what ways will our efforts be judged? Is this still a comparison to other students and/or are there other biases that may affect this grade? Also, does this open-ended learning style allow the student to pick and choose what they deem valuable? I think education in the U.S. needs a major revolution, and getting rid of grades is chopping off a branch while the root of the problem still exists.
